insightIDR - rapid7 - Initial Commit (#10033)
demisto/content: Packs/Rapid7_InsightIDR/Integrations/Rapid7_InsightIDR/insightidr_description.md

> #Rapid7 InsightIDR: Cloud-based SIEM 
> ##Authentication
> Before you start, make sure that you have an API key with Read/Write privileges.
> 
> This integration was integrated and tested with version xx of insightidr
> ## Configure insightidr on Cortex XSOAR
> 
> 1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
> 2. Search for insightidr.
> 3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.
> 
> | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
> | --- | --- | --- |
> | region | Insight cloud server region \(i.e eu\) | True |
> | apiKey | InsightIDR API key | True |
> | isFetch | Fetch incidents | False |
> | incidentType | Incident type | False |
> | insecure | Trust any certificate \(not secure\) | False |
> | proxy | Use system proxy settings | False |
> 
> 4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.
> ## Commands
> You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
> After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Rapid7 InsightIDR: Cloud-based SIEM 
##Authentication
Before you start, make sure that you have an API key with Read/Write privileges.

ADD HERE THE STEPS HOW TO GET THE API KEY. E.G:
1. go to...
2. click...
```
